‎In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
‎Just a normal girl with a normal life.
‎But there's something about me
‎that no one knows yet.
‎Because I have a secret.
‎♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
‎♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
‎♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! ♪
‎Hey, buddies! As you know,
‎Friendship Day is officially here!
‎Today, hundreds of amazing new friendships
‎will be created all over Paris. Right?
‎You got it! Once again, buddies,
‎this year, you and your secret new friend,
‎picked at random,
‎will go on an exciting adventure
‎across Paris,
‎searching for a hidden celebrity!
‎Our celebrity is none other
‎than the Muse of Gabriel brand,
‎the one and only Adrien Agreste!
‎-Hello!
‎Oh, no! What if they didn't get
‎my sign-up text, like last year?
‎What if I don't get to take part
‎in the game?
‎Not gonna happen!
‎Because, last year,
‎you didn't have your amazing BFF
‎to make sure everything was gonna be fine!
‎ Thanks, Alya!
‎Here we go. It's starting!
‎Let me recap the rules
‎for our buddies here.
‎When Adrien pushes this button,
‎thousands of texts messages will be
‎simultaneously sent all across Paris!
‎In the message,
‎you'll find a riddle to solve,
‎which will lead you to your new friend.
‎Then,
‎you'll attempt to solve more riddles,
‎which will lead you straight to Adrien!
‎Here, in this super-secret location,
‎where I'll wait for the lucky winners!
‎-Ready?
‎- T‎hree, two...
‎One... go!
‎"I'm the highest heart of the city."
‎The Sacré-Coeur, of course!
‎Good luck, girls!
‎"Where animals live nearby dinosaurs."
‎Oh! The zoo at the Jardin des Plantes,
‎near the Palaeontology museum!
‎Oh, this so much fun!
‎"Once home of Royalty, now home of Art."
‎The Louvre museum! Aha! Victory!
‎I'm so not...
‎"With one turn of a handle,
‎I can raise the level."
‎What evil mind came up with this one?
‎It's no use, Mother.
‎I am not worthy of fighting against you.
‎Remember the story of the female
‎samurai warrior, Tomoe Gozen.
‎In a time when women warriors
‎were rarely accepted,
‎do you think she gave up?
‎Perching on her steed,
‎wielding her naginata,
‎she fought her way to recognition.
‎As elusive as the wind,
‎-as powerful as the flood...
‎ ‎as swift as lightning.
‎What was that?
‎‎ Congratulations!
‎You've just received the first riddle!
‎It's a game.
‎That you signed up for
‎without my permission?
‎No, Mother. This must be a mistake.
‎Tatsu, door.
‎Welcome, Ms Tsurugi.
‎You know, Mother, Adrien Agreste
‎is participating in this... game.
‎Gabriel Agreste
‎has many admirable qualities,
‎but this only proves even he is flawed
‎by being too permissive with his son.
‎In some ways, he is more blind than I am.
‎Tatsu, to the Grand Palais.
‎Very well, Ms Tsurugi.
‎Thank you so much for your participation.
‎Now all we need to do is wait
‎for the first new couple of friends!
‎Tatsu, take Kagami back to our home.
‎I will return in two hours.
‎All right. Two hours. Let's play.
‎ ‎Congratulations!
‎You've just received the first riddle!
‎"One turn of a handle,
‎I can raise the level."
‎ ‎Child's play.
‎Tatsu, take me to Canal Saint-Martin!
‎Voice recognition failed.
‎-‎ ‎Tatsu!
‎-Take me to Canal Saint-Martin!
‎Very well, Ms Tsurugi.
‎Here we are! "With one turn of a handle,
‎I can raise the level." Ta-dah!
‎It's Canal Saint-Martin.
‎The water rises when the locks
‎are opened with a handle!
‎-Very clever, Marinette!
‎-Now let's keep our eyes peeled.
‎Hopefully my new friend is here somewhere!
‎- Oh, no!
‎-What is it? A supervillain?
‎Worse, Tikki! Kagami? My new friend?
‎No way! She's brilliant, strong, cute...
‎-And?
‎-And she's got a huge crush on Adrien!
‎They fence together.
‎Their parents are friends.
‎If we win, she'll get the credit
‎and she'll wind up being his girlfriend!
‎There's no way I'm doing this with her!
‎Nope. Nu-uh! Not doing it. Uh-uh!
‎ ‎She's so weird.
‎OK. Fate has placed her in my path.
‎I have to succeed.
‎If I fail with Adrien's quirky friend,
‎I'll never pull it off.
‎This isn't fair to Kagami.
‎If you won't be her friend,
‎she can't play.
‎Yeah, right! She's so smart,
‎she'd figure a way around it.
‎Probably do it twice as fast by herself!
‎I bet I'd just slow her down if I went.
‎Of course! You're right, Tikki!
‎If I stick with her, I can make us lose!
‎Adrien won't see Kagami win
‎and they won't fall in love!
‎Uh... perhaps it would be better
‎for you not to go.
‎ ‎Hide, Tikki, the game is on!
‎Kagami! Whoa! This must be fate!
‎I mean, what were the odds
‎of you and I being paired up?
‎One in ten million, at least. Right?
‎So awesome!
‎You didn't look happy
‎about being my secret friend.
‎I saw you turn around and walk away.
‎I... I actually thought I'd,
‎um, gotten the place wrong.
‎I totally hadn't seen you yet, no way!
‎I'm super excited
‎to play the game with you!
‎ ‎Congratulations,
‎you've just located your game partner!
‎And, who knows,
‎maybe even a new friend for life!
‎You've just received the second riddle!
‎"To get closer to your goal,
‎you must explore further and deeper."
‎Hmm.
‎I know! We have to take the train
‎at Gare du Nord station,
‎leave Paris and head straight to England!
‎No. It means we have to go further down
‎the banks of the Seine, which is deeper.
‎We may have to fish for our next clue.
‎Come on. Let's hurry up and win!
‎Hey! I sure hope your partner's
‎as cool as mine! Meet Wayem!
‎You'd better hurry up,
‎'cause we've already solved
‎our first riddle!
‎I'm with Kagami. Can you believe this?
‎ ‎Go for the win,
‎'cause there's no way I'm going to let us
‎find Adrien as long as I'm with her!
‎Look. We were right! We must fish out
‎the clue with this rod and magnet.
‎-Here!
‎Now, fish!
‎Probably not the clue.
‎Do you prefer to be called
‎by your whole name or a nickname?
‎Uh... by... my whole name?
‎Thank you, Marinette!
‎Uh... Your hair is... very shiny!
‎Uh... thank you?
‎Your hair is not too bad either.
‎What is your blood type?
‎My blood type? I don't know.
‎Are you messing with me?
‎No. Everyone in Japan
‎knows their blood type.
‎It tells you who you are. Mine is "O",
‎which means I'm independent, optimistic,
‎strong-willed and intuitive.
‎What's your favorite season?
‎Summer, 'cause it's nice and hot!
‎Or Spring... That's when Nature awakens.
‎Or the Fall. The colors
‎are so gorgeous at that time of year!
‎But then again,
‎Winter inspires me so much!
‎You're indecisive, scatter-brained.
‎A split personality. Typical AB.
‎Say you found out
‎about some special ice-cream.
‎Someone else gets there first.
‎Do you A) Steal it from them?
‎B) Get another type of ice-cream,
‎even if it's not as good? Or C)
‎Never eat ice-cream ever again?
‎Uh... I guess I'd try another flavor.
‎Hmm.
‎Shall we get some orange juice?
‎Sure! It'd be a lot more fun
‎than this boring treasure hunt!
‎The clue. You've done a great job fishing!
‎Congratulations! First we win,
‎then we'll celebrate with orange juice!
‎-Ugh!
‎-"Trust challenge.
‎Exchange unlocked phones.
‎Take a selfie in front
‎of a different monuments,
‎then take a selfie together,
‎like the friends you've become.
‎Once we've received the selfies,
‎we'll reveal
‎where Adrien Agreste is hiding."
‎You really are an indecisive girl.
‎We'll meet back here. We'll win!
‎-What are you doing?
‎-Nothing.
‎She placed her trust in you
‎when she gave you her phone.
‎But she kept looking at it the whole time.
‎Don't you want to know why?
‎For all we know, she could have been
‎chatting with Adrien, texting him.
‎Marinette! No!
‎ ‎Zero messages,
‎except the ones from the contest.
‎And there's only one number
‎in her list of contacts. Her mom's.
‎She doesn't even have Adrien's number?
‎What's this app?
‎Oh, shoot!
‎So this is what Kagami was looking at
‎this whole time!
‎"30 tips for making friends."
‎That explains everything.
‎Her strange behavior,
‎her weird questions.
‎Kagami was just trying to be your friend!
‎I feel so bad.
‎Oh, no! She's got my phone!
‎If she sneaks a peek,
‎she'll see the messages
‎Alya and I sent each other.
‎Do all humans really sneak
‎through other people's things?
‎You'd better run!
‎Cheese!
‎I can't believe you're stuck with Kagami!
‎Hang in there and don't worry,
‎I'm sure you'll figure out a way to lose!
‎Catch ya later. Mwah!
‎How tragic it is to feel unloved,
‎alone, deprived of friendship.
‎Fly away, my little akuma,
‎and evilise her!
‎I guess I am not worthy of our friendship.
‎Our blood types must be too incompatible.
‎-Hello?
‎-Kagami! Where are you?
‎You were supposed to wait for me at home!
‎Ah...
‎Hello, ma'am. I'm not Kagami, actually!
‎Who are you? Where is my daughter?
‎Kagami!
‎I'm a friend of Kagami's.
‎I'll put her on the phone!
‎Kagami doesn't have any friends.
‎Why do you have her phone?
‎Oh, I can assure you, ma'am,
‎I am a friend of Kagami's.
‎-We're teamed up for a game.
‎-A game? But I forbade her to!
‎A game? Did I say "game"?
‎Oh, no, sorry, I meant a grab! To grab.
‎I invited Kagami over
‎to grab some orange juice with me!
‎She'll be back soon.
‎I'll walk her home myself!
‎One negative emotion is disappearing,
‎but another is forming quickly.
‎I can feel the anger of a mother
‎whose authority has been challenged.
‎Go, my akuma, and seek out this new prey.
‎Stop fooling around
‎and put my daughter through.
‎I can assure you that she will
‎not be enjoying any glasses of--
‎Ikari Gozen, I am Hawk Moth.
‎Ma'am, please don't punish your daughter.
‎-Ma'am? Hello?
‎-‎ ‎With pleasure, Hawk Moth.
‎I'm sorry. I tried to smooth things over,
‎but your mom's super angry now
‎and will be looking for you. I think
‎you should hide so she won't find you!
‎Kagami!
‎You disobeyed me!
‎You will never go out again!
‎ No! Mother!
‎I was completely wrong about Kagami.
‎It's never too late to make things right.
‎Tikki, spots on! Yeah!
‎Akuma alert, akuma alert.
‎We ask all visitors to evacuate
‎the palace very calmly. Thank you.
‎We have a new mission!
‎Plagg, claws out!
‎You'll never catch me. I am Ikari Gozen.
‎As elusive as the wind,
‎as powerful as the flood,
‎as swift as lightning!
‎I see you've made a new buddy
‎for Friendship Day, Milady.
‎Yeah. No, I don't think
‎she likes me all that much.
‎-We're coming, Kagami!
‎-Kagami?
‎Our new friend here has imprisoned
‎her own daughter as a punishment!
‎Lucky charm!
‎You really think it's time
‎to invite me to the cinema?
‎Sorry, kitty, only got one ticket!
‎I'll come back soon!
‎At least bring me back some popcorn!
‎Hello. I'd like to see this movie, please!
‎Excellent choice, Marinette!
‎-Master Fu?
‎-I had to find a cover
‎now that Hawk Moth knows my identity.
‎Besides, I love the movies!
‎Marinette Dupain-Cheng, pick an ally
‎you can trust
‎alongside you on this mission.
‎Choose wisely! Such powers
‎are meant to serve the greater good!
‎As elusive as the wind,
‎as powerful as the flood,
‎as swift as lightning.
‎Yeah!
‎I hope you'll enjoy the show!
‎The akuma's probably in her bokken.
‎In order to use my cataclysm,
‎we gotta bring her guard down.
‎We must be as elusive as the wind
‎or as powerful as the flood!
‎Lucky charm!
‎ ‎A box of bath bombs?
‎You really think it's time to take a bath?
‎Not me.
‎Kagami is gonna use it. Get ready, kitty!
‎So, Ikari Gozen,
‎how would you like to become friends?
‎-I don't need a friend!
‎-Can't say I'm surprised.
‎You're going about it all wrong,
‎if you ask me!
‎Greetings, young lady,
‎and good day to you!
‎Fear not. I am Longg, the Dragon kwami.
‎-You're a what?
‎-A kwa-mi.
‎- ‎I hope it works!
‎- ‎The sooner the better, too!
‎Allow me to tell you
‎all about the many feats
‎that a magic being like myself
‎will help you accomplish
‎once the magic words have been spoken.
‎Ladybug has hopes you will defeat
‎Ikari Gozen with panache,
‎using the element of your choosing,
‎wind, water, or lightning.
‎But, firstly,
‎let me tell you about her plan.
‎Longg, bring the storm!
‎Wait! No! Not yet!
‎Wind dragon!
‎See, Mother? I can be as elusive as wind!
‎Thank you for the Miraculous, Ladybug.
‎Nice to meet you, Cat Noir. I am Ryuuko.
‎What are you doing? This wasn't the plan!
‎-What plan?
‎-‎Ikari Gozen,
‎Ladybug has helped your daughter escape
‎by giving her a Miraculous.
‎I don't know how she did it,
‎but I want her Miraculous too.
‎Kagami, you've disobeyed me yet again!
‎And, this time, with the complicity
‎of these so-called heroes!
‎You are all going to pay!
‎Ryuuko! The plan!
‎Longg must have told you about the plan!
‎No. Stay behind with Cat Noir.
‎This is a personal matter,
‎between a mother and daughter!
‎ ‎Watch out!
‎No!
‎Cataclysm!
‎What a masterful move, Ikari Gozen.
‎Now, in just a few minutes,
‎Cat Noir will transform back
‎and his Miraculous will be mine!
‎I behaved hastily. I failed.
‎I am not worthy to fight beside you.
‎You made a mistake. As I do, every day.
‎It's not a reason to give up fighting.
‎You alone can help me.
‎That's why I chose you.
‎But we must work together as a team!
‎We're short on time. Here's the plan.
‎Hurry up before I transform back!
‎ ‎You were right, Mother.
‎I still have a lot to learn.
‎You're starting to have some sense.
‎That's good.
‎Hold your breath! Aim at the bokken!
‎You're a fast learner!
‎I have good teachers! Water Dragon!
‎Wow!
‎No more evil-doing for you, little akuma.
‎Time to de-evilise.
‎Gotcha!
‎Bye-bye, little butterfly!
‎Miraculous Ladybug!
‎What's happened to me? Where is Kagami?
‎Your daughter is nearby, ma'am.
‎She'll be here soon.
‎ ‎Pound it!
‎Longg, open sky!
‎I have to tell you I won't be able
‎to give you this Miraculous again.
‎ ‎I know.
‎-I wasn't good enough.
‎-Quite the opposite.
‎You learn fast.
‎But Hawk Moth knows who you are now.
‎And keeping one's true identity secret
‎is a very important rule
‎among superheroes!
‎Without it, you and everyone you love
‎would become endangered,
‎-your family, your friends...
‎-I don't have many friends.
‎You don't need lots of friends.
‎What matters is that the ones you have
‎are true friends.
‎Bug out!
‎I'm sorry I wasn't truthful with you,
‎but I wanted to try and make a friend.
‎-You have Adrien.
‎-It's not the same.
‎I understand
‎that you want to make friends,
‎but friendships can prove disappointing
‎sometimes.
‎Be home in time for dinner.
‎The game is over. We lost.
‎No. We've won the right
‎to go for orange juice,
‎if you still want to.
‎Nothing can stop us now!
‎I was wrong about you, Marinette.
‎I'm glad this game
‎randomly put us together.
‎Now I see why Adrien
‎considers you a good friend.
‎Oh! Uh... Did he tell you that...
‎I mean... that we're friends?
‎By the way, about this blood-type thing...
‎Isn't it a bit like the zodiac?
‎What's your sign?
‎- ‎Dragon.
‎- ‎No way! I'm Snake!
‎Do they go well together?
‎I don't really believe in that stuff.
‎ ‎Me neither! But you know what?
‎I'm glad we're friends.